Fix/time series interpolation is wrong 21351 (#56515)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

^^^^^
- Bug in :class:`DataFrame` when passing a ``dict`` with a NA scalar and ``columns`` that would always return ``np.nan`` (:issue:`57205`)
- Bug in :func:`unique` on :class:`Index` not always returning :class:`Index` (:issue:`57043`)

> - Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.resample(...).interpolate` on a DataFrame with non-uniform sampling and/or indices not aligning with the resulting resampled index would result in wrong interpolation (:issue:`21351`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`.Resampler.interpolate` on a :class:`DataFrame` with non-uniform sampling and/or indices not aligning with the resulting resampled index would result in wrong interpolation (:issue:`21351`)
```

Also can you move this to the `Groupby/resample/rolling` section and run `pre-commit`?

Author: pre-commit.ci autofix
